So why were we redirected when we actually had an error.
Keep in mind that we only call off log in here in the try block not in the catch block.
So if we have an error we actually shouldn't be redirected because we're not triggering the log in action.
Well the problem we have there is that the way to fetch API works if you get back a 400 ish or a 500
dash error code from the back end it still treats it as not an error because technically you have no
error.
You sent a request and you've got back a response.
Sure it's a response with an hour status code but that's really just the data attached to the response.
Technically there was no error and therefore we don't make it into the catch block if we do we have
a 400 ish or 500 dish response status code.
Now in my application I want to make it into the catch block though because for me it clearly is an
error if we have a 400 dish or 500 dish status code and we can thankfully implement this after we passed
the response body because I want to use it even if we have an error.
After all it's the response body which will include the error message.
So after we pass this I want to check if response okay the Okay properties a property that exists on
the response object and it will be true if we have a 200 dish status code or put in other words if we
have a 400 dish or a 500 dish status code will not make it in here.
So if response is not OK we know we have a 400 or 500 status code.
And in this case I will throw my error here.
So in this case I want to throw a new error and I will use the default javascript error object and basically
pass on my response data dot message which should exist here because we sent back a message property
on any error we generate on the back end since we throw an error here.
This code will not execute.
And instead the catch blogs should trigger.
So if we try this again switch to sign up and try signing up with this existing email address again.
If I click sign up we see the spinner of course only briefly because it's so fast but then we stay here
and you see now this error gets logged from line 88 which is inside off to catch block.
So that's great that's the first step but logging it like this is not enough.
After all we do manage our state here.
So indeed it would make more sense to also output some visual elements here and for that I want to render
my error modal.
I want to render it next to discard and not inside of it.
Therefore since we must only have one route JSA X element I'll wrap this in the react fragment.
This entire card so that next to the card in front of it I can render my error modal.
Now the error modal requires an error which I feed in and this error should be the error message.
So I will just use error and this now is our error state which we set with set error.
Keep in mind I named this error here.
This is my constant and this is what I'm passing in on this error prop to the error modal instead of
the error multimodal.
I then have the logic to showed as modal.
If the error is not empty well and then I also want to add on Clear prop here because in my error modal
I trigger unclear if we close that modal which opens up it's the default modal just wrapped with some
extra logic.
So we should provide a unclear prop on the error modal in there.
I want to execute a function which in the end resets my error.
So here I will add a handle error or actually a error handler to stay in line with Malbin naming function.
And the only thing I do here is I will call set error to update my error estate and set it to null to
basically clear it.
And now here I can point at error handler with these changes made if we go back and we try this again
Try creating a user with an existing email password and a click sign up.
Now we get this error modal and muni click OK we handle this we can try again.
Now if I use a new email address which was not taken before it therefore succeeds and we are redirected
and otherwise as you just saw we get this error.
So now we have proper error handling and a loading state in place.
And I would say our first HBP request is looking quite decent with that.
Let's all work on logging in.